[docs] Update the EAS update develop faster doc (#27461)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/develop-faster.mdx

---
title: Develop with EAS Update
sidebar_title: Develop faster
description: Learn how to iterate faster with EAS Update.
---

import ImageSpotlight from '~/components/plugins/ImageSpotlight';

EAS Update helps us fix critical bugs in production. It can also help us iterate faster with our team during development.

## Distributing updates to others during development

Whether a new feature is being developed, stabilized, QA'd, or critiqued, it's often useful to to allow others to preview what it looks and feels like before it is released to production.

> Traditionally previewing meant re-building the project distributing it to a reviewer manually. Previewing features with EAS Update removes the need for re-building in most cases and can help us preview new features more quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traditionally previewing meant re-building the project and distributing it to a reviewer manually. Previewing features with EAS Update removes the need for re-building in most cases and can help us preview new features more quickly.
```

A published update can be loaded in various environments:

> - An [expo-dev-client](/eas-update/expo-dev-client/) build with a matching runtime version. Either an [internal distribution](/build/internal-distribution/) or simulator/emulator build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A [development build](/eas-update/expo-dev-client/) with a matching runtime version, distributed through either [internal distribution](/build/internal-distribution/) or as a simulator/emulator build.
```

Reviewer 3: Made on edit to Brent's suggestion to update `an emulator or simulator`.

> - A build distributed via TestFlight, Google Play beta, or [internal distribution](/build/internal-distribution/) with a matching runtime version and channel pointing to a branch with the published update. With this strategy, often a EAS Update channel like "alpha" or "beta" will be used, and builds and updates will be created from development branches in source control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A release build distributed via TestFlight, Google Play beta, or [internal distribution](/build/internal-distribution/) with a matching runtime version and channel pointing to a branch with the published update. With this strategy, often a EAS Update channel like "alpha" or "beta" will be used, and builds and updates will be created from development branches in source control.
```

Reviewer 3: I made one edit to Brent's suggestion to prefer mentioning Google Play Beta before TestFlight (as per our writing [style guide's platform order](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-android-ios-and-web)).
